what's up guys this is episode one of
the creative exchange and we have the
one and only Gary Vaynerchuk I'm amazing
can I ask you a question first yes this
would be weird that every guest after
your first guest will not be as good as
your first leg does that sound like a
weird like it's weird to me that your
best episode ever is gonna be the first
one I know so I'm I'm gonna get Casey
hopefully yeah so maybe he'll be able
you should get his second because then
your second best cast ever
there you go second there you go it is
because you're putting out you're
crushing it book I have first question
about ease is John Mayer so I have been
I have been a guitar player for over 10
years in my life yes
I know every single one of his songs on
guitar yes so when I saw that name you
know there's joy in the rock Johnson
there's Casey Neistat
mm-hmm and then I saw John Mayer how and
were you like oh my god yeah I was
surprised all of a sudden six months ago
John Mayer's liking my posts on
Instagram like that's interesting and
then and then he sent me an email that
was like John like John such so John's
been very very very good friends with a
very good friend of mine named Ricky van
Veen who runs Facebook's watch world now
and all like a big deal was a co-founder
of CollegeHumor and like I spent the
weekend at Ricky's wedding and John was
there and we didn't even talk once I
don't like to bother people and things
of that nature and so I've just known
that he's a really good dude from
Ricky's eyes let alone being John Mayer
and so it was weird he like started
liking stuff and he sent me this
incredible email I guess he got the
email from Ricky and we just really
started hitting it off he's super smart
I mean even though I email he sent me I
actually have to find it and print it I
like i weirdly wanted to hook up with
him he's like so dreamy it's like so
weird it's so talented the words were
like I'm like yes John I love you anyway
nonetheless super interesting guy
unbelievably smart really gets it like
honestly I think John was did the best
snack
Chadd execution in the height of
snapchat he's just so creative
nonetheless he just felt so right you
know quotes are funny with books it's a
timing of who's in your world at the
right time there's so many variables
that go into it
I knew the book was gonna go I felt like
this was gonna be a huge book and based
on what's happening on Amazon right now
like I promoted it way less than
askgaryvee and it's not even close I
mainly think a scaredy's book didn't do
as well because I don't know for people
that are listening but there was this
person that did the show with me her
name was India and I thought she dragged
down the askgaryvee sales because of her
association of the show but otherwise
the best movie Indians in the office
right now it has like my favorite mini
two million five years Wow like super
special to me like obviously we were
very very close during the askgaryvee
years then she kind of like was like
doing this whole thing she was like you
know I don't think I want to be
associated with you anymore so she went
on her own path but I miss her dearly
and so like even being able to reference
her right now makes me happy and I'm so
glad you came here so she and we've
we've become such great friends I get it
Brendon worthy yeah so John is super
interesting I think he's super creative
he's become a really good friend and I
knew that I wanted with the Rock and
Alba and and John some quotes and they
are Casey obviously is is got Fame and
awareness in a world that's similar to
mine though he has way more Fame under
18 than I do for his YouTube sensations
and obviously Kristin LEM Cal the CMO
chases more for business world but the
rock Jessica Alba and John are quoted in
the back because I wanted to make sure
people that had never heard of me but
walked by it at an airport and like
what's this when they turn that around
there was whoa Rock and John Mayer like
who is this guy and then they'll buy it
to be very frank yeah and then to be
honest I think I went for the jugular
with the poet's because I think I wrote
a really good book
I don't you haven't been able to read
the first page that I opened yeah so
going back to I play guitar for dinners
first page I opened was wampler pedals
and I was like just really yeah Randall
it was the first page that I open and
I've owned his pedals I played his
pedals I know who he is
this is amazing so they didn't blow it
away that like crush it had such an
impact yeah yeah so there's a good
variety of things so so it's cool it was
emotional for me we got lots and lots of
how crush it my first book in this genre
impacted them please don't be mad at me
the publisher and my ghostwriter have
they had a lot to say with like what got
chosen but like it's so great and you're
gonna feel this and you're probably
already feeling you're like inspiring
people and helping people when you don't
even know what's happening especially
when you're a decade in some of these
people are actually doing really jit
yeah so very special time for me in
my career and like just it's right now
as we're recording this it's number
three on Amazon which is just crazy
yeah super hard askgaryvee when we did
that eight hour telethon India we got to
like number eighty or thirty four so
that's but like it quickly went back to
like 150 like four and I'm not promoting
this anywhere close this is one of the
few things I'm doing right mainly cuz I
know it's your first you know podcasts
and I want it to like be a part of it um
it's just a really fun time for me now
and let's go back to the chasing some
exciting news just came out I don't know
really you're really on I don't know if
you're put it out there a partnership
just came out between JP Morgan Chase
and vaynermedia and you guys are gonna
be doing some voice marketing for them
so you're obviously very into voice you
know the ins and outs but beyond
podcasting beyond stuff like simple
audio whereas voice going to take you
know the company is like this like JP
Morgan Chase I think you're gonna wake
up in the morning and you're gonna start
interacting with Apple Google or Amazon
all of you everybody who's listening and
that will happen either in three years
seven nine I don't care but just like
the smartphone when everybody told me
they wouldn't get one because why am I
gonna pay 400 bucks for whatever the
iPhone was at first and my razor or my
blackberry is more than good enough I'm
like yeah cool because you don't
understand that ways and Spotify and
Instagram is coming when there are
skills and those are complicated AI
products on top of Alexa start coming
out when you can literally when you were
taught how to make incredible
linguini by the best chef in the world
that makes linguini and it's simple
where it's talking back and forth with
you and you're like
chef's one more time and and and the and
the technologies in place where the app
understands what you said and goes okay
okay let's go back it's the pepper three
turns like people understand what's
coming like do you know what it feels
like to be in your shower thinking of
something and then being able to poke
your head out or however your showers
situated and saying Alexa or Google or
Apple or Facebook or whoever's gonna be
in the game you know Sony or what I
don't care I like to stop you know and
so when you can say hey remind me to
take fluffy to the vet and it's booked
in your calendar or who's my first stop
meeting again today or whose birthdays
are there can you just wish everybody a
happy birthday would a text people to
understand this phone that we have right
now compared to the voice skills that
are coming is garbage your we are gonna
start texting a lot less than a decade
because we're gonna be voicing because
it's faster and we like faster everybody
has an Alexa right like not yet but
you're right there's a lot of them out
there but to your point but to your
point when the first killer app comes
out right then you know when the candy
crush comes out when the Spotify comes
out when the when the Twitter comes out
that's when stuff gets go away you use
your Alexa everyday what's is it like
what's the weather in New York City yeah
I mean to me it's music whether quick
scores random like I like to do funny
like so my business partner in pure Wow
I bought a women's publishing company
pure wild calm last year so watch this
Alexa who's Ryan Harwood so this is
funny for me because Ryan Harwood who
runs pure Wow I get to make fun of him
by Alexa not knowing who he is
Alexa who's Gary Vaynerchuk Gary
Vaynerchuk
so basically what I'm doing now is just
saying everybody's name and then kind of
like you know
so you are doing so many things you have
Feiner Mina media you have a Feiner
sports that's exciting but you're also
having a lot of hip-hop artists come in
who are on the up and coming your
stories are full of all of the amazing
musicians so my question is it's Vayner
music and the works are you gonna start
like a low-key music I'm not gonna do
anything low-key yes I'm gonna do it
it'll be a high gear no there is no
plans for a record label or a management
company however music is one of the
pillars of our society and honestly to
be very frank and you've felt this from
me a little bit I like paying forward
especially if I think you're on to
something because there's nothing more
rewarding / intriguing to help somebody
period comma not good grammar it's super
fascinating to me when you can do that
you know it's super fun like that little
uber let's let's read it Irish India
I'm sorry iris India cuz I want to
create India I want you to read that
uber email that's hanging on my wall so
the fact that my brother cuz we're
friends would Travis the founder of uber
and he was here in New York when was
that
you know like to me that's life is fun
and like there's stories or felt like to
me there there's an email hanging in my
office that's a sorry there were no cars
available in New York City like it
didn't even start yet
same thing for me there was something
that happened where I was like what if I
met would Drake in the weekend and Lil
Wayne right and luzie vert and like like
before they blew up was up for a Grammy
Lizzy Bert that's right and so to me
like that's really cool like like that
would just be fun for my daughter and
son like that'd be cool for me to look
back at one day I love documentary so
seen documentaries of people with like
he was hanging out with Elton John
before like I like it I think it's
interesting and and I really like hip
hop music and I've really like gotten
into the new
kids and I can really help them crushing
it is probably written as much for the
time I spent with the things that we
talked about in earlier career or or
when I give the advice to the hip-hop
kids or athletes now at Vayner sports
like I'm sitting on a knowledge base and
an appetite for legacy around me being a
kind and smart I want to be the greatest
entrepreneur of this generation I want
to make it very simple there's no leak
low key about me I want to be the
greatest entrepreneur of this generation
I think that Jeff Bezos and Mark
Zuckerberg and Elon Musk will build much
more meaningful companies and and will
make a lot more money I think I can have
the biggest impact on the most future
entrepreneurs by a landslide and I think
I'm gonna see that through I could tell
you're a big part of my life a lot of my
friends lives for not just entrepreneurs
but also artists yep you know because
there is a big side to creativity that
you have to attach business at some
point if you want to make it your living
and I think what's been really
interesting I'd love to get your
perspective Anna Cindy I think one thing
that's been really funny a veiner as I
listen it like I don't think I ever
talked a lot about my creative side but
I have so much creative firepower you
know so I I have a real crazy of India I
have a crazy affinity for artistic
people I love business and I love
getting artists practical so that they
are not at the mercy of the Machine like
crushing it is for artists to like to me
here's the question right like there's
an amount of money you want to live your
lifestyle and then there's like being
happy and doing what you're doing and
like there's you know some people are
risk adverse and they'd rather have a
job but like to me it's like man there's
something like like I'd like to think
that iris and India are happy enough in
their jobs that they want to be here as
well but there's a lot of people that
aren't happy at their job and I just
think you can make forty one thousand
dollars a year or ninety one thousand
forget about millions like there's a lot
of people out there who make eighty
three thousand a year and hate their job
and have to pay their student loans and
I'm just like hey if you know more about
ACDC than anybody in the world or you
love
CDC it's weird to me that just like
you're starting this podcast that they
could start the ACDC 20/20 podcast and
the concept is we'll be talking about
ac/dc as the we head into year 2020 and
over there like so much and the fact
that ac/dc merchandise companies may
want to sponsor that one day or like
Ticketmaster or like it's just real I'm
gonna make a lot of my hate that I'm the
example because I'm also a good
businessman like so people see that oh
you have to be making some it's like
no and you need to make if you make
a TK and you can make 68 doing it about
the Smurfs or about hoodies or about
pasta in a Kansas City that's nuts and
it's real and people didn't believe me
when I wrote crush it now they do
because they know that there's people
who make a million dollars a year about
slime there's people like yoursel like
it's real I don't know as I tell you
it's so it's real yeah yeah that's good
and I like kind of this shift of
narrative talking about you know what
does make you happy and if it's ten
thousand dollars less than what you're
earning now why not you know what makes
you happy because a lot of people see
the Lamborghinis and the big houses and
they attach that to their happiness and
cuz they're insecure and they need a
Lamborghini guys especially guys will
always want to hunt to close the gap on
their insecurity and they think a Rolex
or champagne is gonna make a pretty girl
or you know like them and just not gonna
it's not gonna work
I mean listen it could work the problem
is you're gonna attract a person who's
also insecure and so like you know it's
just very um it's very intense for me
right now because it's weird because
very cool people think I'm cool and I
don't think that's cool though I do I
feel it's a huge responsibility and what
I want to push is kindness and patience
and being a word man and woman of your
word and the long game and creating
quality I have a moment right now that's
gonna continue to grow I don't think
it's going away tomorrow I have a three
seven nine year moment where I have a
chance to make a real impact because if
I can make 16 year old guys
good men well then I can change the
world like if you think about it like if
I can take entire generation right now
of 16 to 20 year olds who think I'm rad
and boy are there a lot and I can make
my virtues that my mom instilled in me
that I was born with that Who I am
like I like that the world's melting
we're bad guys are getting exposed that
look successful because I don't harass
women like I don't suppress women
leaders in my company like I'm doing the
right like I want the other thing to be
cool this is a special time and I feel a
lot of responsibility so uh I'm just
there Nellis and some people like
Lamborghinis in like fast cars and
that's okay it's not okay when you when
you take pictures of a big stack of cash
like you know I don't know by the way
that's fine I don't I don't judge
anybody here's my punch line be a good
person that's good so shifting gears a
little bit your team team Gary yes um a
lot of stuff is coming out you have
flogs on this every single day yes you
do the podcast askgaryvee show so a big
part of that is delegations yeah you at
one point had to say I need XYZ I need
to hire employees for this so a lot of
people who have personal brands who are
expanding or hitting this wall me
personally of how do I get help to
further this you know I I'm I need more
than just me and so what was that one
moment that you kind of had the aha
moment of delegation whether it was like
that's filming for wine life that's
never been a problem for me ever ever
ever ever because I always think about
building
Heike right and so I know that 83% of me
or 64% of me is better than me not doing
it all you there's no issue with
delegation like you guys know that you
need to hire people reinvest into your
business all that the creative being and
for artists they're so romantic and it's
so subjective I think there's too much
ego I think all of you have too much ego
I really do because what I'm excited
about is if you let somebody else do
something you may learn something from
how the audience responds to it my big
thing is I'm not scared
what's the audience gonna say I'm ugly
in that shot I I'm not funny in that
shot
I was stupid like it's all gonna work
out so I think the big thing for me sir
is very simple it's like it's like I
think you need to trust your team cuz
they may be right and guess what the
only person that's writes the audience
and if you never try you don't know
that's good that's good you know and so
I think a lot of people are missing like
what if you were passionate about
spaghetti but you're best at
you know meatballs or what if like
you're super pretty person but like the
post that mattered was bad lighting and
no makeup because it just made people
feel like you were real for that one
second like they put you on a pedestal
but it's like nice to see a zit or you
know like I think about that stuff you
know like like I think about it that's
good last question what is something
like one story one person one aspect of
crushing it that you want people to hear
what's something you know maybe they're
out there on the fence why do I need
this book what's something you get from
it honestly I'm less worried about
people like getting the book like go to
the library steal it on like a
BitTorrent I really just want you to
read it like I really I mean it like
listen I want you to buy a thousand
copies to like I'm all over the place on
that that part doesn't excite me what
excites me is I wrote this book as much
for you who I think is very advanced as
I did for somebody who's never done
anything on the Internet meaning for
somebody who's never done it's like time
to try like just make a one minute to
the camera on your Instagram post about
your thoughts on X period eSports WWE
like I don't care jelly shoes from the
80s like it's time number two and this
is really for you like you don't even
know how I feel about you doing this
podcast I have no idea how much or how
little impact I have on your doing this
podcast you had an impact I thought so
because I'm pushing all of you so hard
to do voice more than anybody and I know
you're gonna win you're about to build a
much bigger audience because a lot of
people want to watch your videos but
they're busy and now that winner on
their treadmill or
going to work they're gonna listen to
this and they would have never watched
this it's a big deal so for me I wrote
this book because I can't believe after
where I was even when you and I met
where I was on the pedestal of
leadership on this genre where I've gone
in the last 15 months is a totally
different plane I'm in a totally
different Lane 15 months ago I would be
noticed on the streets once every two or
three days for selfie if I'm outside for
a minute I mean I'm I'm taking 34
selfies a day I'm starting to get weird
and kind of weirdly like and I love it
I love the interaction I'm starting to
get effective two years ago we were
almost at the same subscriber count
around a hundred thousand and now Gary
is passed million Congrats
thank you crushing it but you know
what's even more interesting and I think
this is why I think you're special I
think you're gonna win because you have
something very real to say and you're
coming from a good place like to me I
appreciate that and metrics have some
alluding to what's going on but I'm much
more I look at metrics as with right
like how many but depth what you what
makes me still spend time with you is I
think you have depth
I have depth like I don't think I was
kind of like the Bezos and Zuckerberg
thing I don't think I'll ever have the
most points the most followers like the
most money but depth I think I have a
shot right and through that depth and so
for me I think that I'm just excited for
you like I think this book and I don't
even care if you read it the energy of
where I'm at right now is dragging you
into new places and if it's dragging you
well then well then I'm off to the races
because I'm up affecting you you're
about to affect a lot of other people
and that's when that little ripple you
know that little like you put the pebble
in the pond or the ripple effect but I
mean you know like um I feel very lucky
and blessed that I think I'm at the
center of stuff and then I'm impacting
people people that are bigger than me
like the rock and John Wright like
that's cool it's huge and it really
makes me feel good and and more
importantly the 15 to 25 year old dude
thing is real for me and most of all
I've got sharp elbows like I know I'm
not Mother Teresa around here I want to
be
businesses I want to crush people who
destroy them like I'm very competitive
but it's energies contagious too but I
think it's more like me being putting on
my Jersey it's like you know it's like
my favorite like like I think about the
Olympic girls soccer team like like I
watch girls soccer sometimes like these
girls are fierce as you
start looking into them in their lives
and like they're so sweet and like like
like I feel like I'm an athlete like
when I'm in my business zone I put on my
jersey and I want to kill everybody I
want to punch Casey in the face and you
and everybody but in real life I don't I
want you to win more than anything like
when the game's over we take off the
Jersey I want to like switch jerseys
with you and take a photo I want to like
help your sister get into the college
she wants like like and so that's how I
think about my life
so here's what I want I want people were
listening to understand this there's a
lot more to go there's a lot more to do
you haven't accomplished anything
there's so much opportunity that even me
who I think I'm at the best of my craft
I'm not even close do you know what
happened if Casey started a podcast
it would kill it would kill and he would
be bigger bigger bigger and he can do
whatever he wants with that attention
cure cancer make a trillion dollars I
don't care what you do with your
attention I just know that there's a
huge opportunity for more of it so go
get it
I wrote crushing it for people that were
101 and people that were 201 maybe even
301 and that's why I'm so proud of it
thank you well thanks for being on the
first podcast effort and one more note
speaking of the competitive side of you
on Twitter a few months ago yes I
challenge you to a one-on-one basketball
game I slide basketball my entire life I
actually think I might be really ducking
you yes we're doing it I was literally
about to reply and be like yeah let's do
this yeah and then I like saw some sort
of highlight and I'm like okay let me
rethink this for 14 subjects interview
will lob up will get drama
I want to say this because I have a
chance to lose all respect in the world
I'm gonna say it right up front I'm a
bad guy when I play sports so I just
want to set that right now just not
going for it we'll keep that in mind but
heck yeah thank you so much I love you I
wish you nothing change thank you so
much George yes I love you and I wish
you the best
oh I love you everything you do
everything like all the hugs all those
speeches keynotes I just got back on
your content again it's like two years
ago I ingested it and I did it and I
didn't watch for your mix info rounding
back to it you know what's so crazy
about that I'm so glad we're ending with
this that has been so on my mind lately
um I gotta tell you it makes me feel
really emotional I really really think
about it like music I'm like man I
got a shot I don't want anybody to
consume my content I want them to get it
and go get theirs not juice MA I think
what the biggest reasons I'm not bigger
with numbers is I don't do the behavior
that builds big numbers I'm losing
people I'm leaking people because I mean
cut who puts out content on YouTube that
tell like looks in the camera and says
stop watching me go do your thing and
then watches their numbers like that
like declining is weird when you're
growing that means you're really
declining cuz you're still growing I am
proud of that but then what has been
funny this is like the tenth time I've
heard this in the last month real people
like you that are winning and have it
are reconnecting because I evolved and
so I continue to bring value and that
means I'm not a one-trick pony
and that means I can end up being like
the people I would respect in music who
have like six albums in them mm-hmm yeah
that's good guys go pick up a book all
of Gary's links are in the show notes
especially yeah new book YouTube channel
Instagram also make sure to subscribe to
this YouTube channel but also on Apple
podcast and Google Play so thank you so
much thank you
whoo
guys thank you so much for tuning in to
this podcast I hope you enjoyed it if
you're new around here again my name is
Sarah deechi rhymes with peachy I you
tube channel it will be linked in the
top left hand corner of the screen go
check it out hit that subscribe button
and everything else will be in the
description below for you to check out
you guys have a good one